[Adr] Kernel events vs controllers (#500)
Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle: adr/0000-kernel-events.md

# Kernel events

* Status: new
* Deciders: @lchrusciel, @loic425, @Zales0123
* External advices: @soyuka, @dunglas, @mtarld

## Context and Problem Statement

> ResourceController has all the actions, a lot of pretty similar code on each action and hard to maintain/test.
> and it is not flexible enough in its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the years ResourceController become really bloated. It has all the actions, and a lot of pretty similar code on each of them and the default approach to extend its logic is to extend the class. This class has 17 dependencies, which makes it hard to maintain and test. Moreover, some dependencies are not needed for every method call. As a result, this class does not follows SOLID principles and we want to improve its desing
```
